Update Export-DnsServerZone.md (#2102)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-powershell-docs: docset/windows/dnsserver/Export-DnsServerZone.md

### -FileName
Specifies a name for the export file.

> You CANNOT include a file path. the file will be exported to the SYSTEM32 DNS Folder

Reviewer: Replace with something like:

File is exported to %windir%\System32\dns.

This will make it clear to the reader where to find the exported file.

> You CANNOT include a file path. the file will be exported to the SYSTEM32 DNS Folder

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Please note: This parameter does not supports including a file path. File will be exported to %windir%\System32\dns\ folder
```

Reviewer 2: Adding @tseward suggestion and my own

> You CANNOT include a file path. the file will be exported to the SYSTEM32 DNS Folder

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Please note that this parameter does not support including a file path. The file will be exported to the %windir%\System32\dns\ folder.
```

Reviewer 3: Slight edit of the suggestion of @get-itips.
